Update the repo links in the readme (#14)
DFE-Digital/register-early-career-teachers-public: README.md

## Repository setup

Register early career teachers has two repositories, [an internal](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/register-ects-project-board) one and [a public one](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/register-early-career-teachers-public).

> We work on the internal one and regularly publish code to the public one. This helps minimise the risk of accidentally posting sensitive information in an issue or pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We write tickets and organise our sprints on the internal repository. The public one is where we write and update code. This helps minimise the risk of accidentally posting sensitive information in a ticket, but still allows for our code to be public and transparent.
```
